blenderGestureAddon/README.md, before:

blenderGestureAddon
=====================

Addon for incorporating [gesturer](https://github.com/iingram/gesturer) with [Blender](https://www.blender.org/) 3d modeling. 

This extension to Blender allows the user to generate and play back animations generated in Blender on robots, in real time.

YAML will be used to specify the configurations of the Blender objects and the associated robotic components. 


Dependencies
=====================
To run this plugin, you must install some additional Python libraries inside of Blender, as Blender comes packaged with its own version of Python (in case the user does not have it). So you must install the following libraries to `/blender/2.xy/python/lib/python3.4/` (for MacOS, `/blender.app/Contents/Resources/2.xy/python/lib/python3.4/`):

- [pyserial](https://github.com/pyserial/pyserial) 
- [pyyaml](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAML) (note, with `pyyaml` copy the `lib3/yaml` folder, not the `lib/yaml` folder).



Setup
=====================

TODO: create a setup script that copies the addon into the proper directory
- Make sure you have a properly formatted `gesturerConfigs.yaml` in the same directory as the `.blend` file you are working with.

Running
=====================

0. Connect Arduino (running the receiving software) based robot to computer.
1. Open `prototype_gesture_addon_scene_handler.blend` with Blender (via the command line if you want to see Python output, which is recommended). 
2. Go to the "Scripting" view. 
3. Press the "Run Script" button.
4. Animate with the robot.

Commit message:

Added a deployment script. Updated the README to reflect the new deployment process.

blenderGestureAddon/README.md, after:

blenderGestureAddon
=====================

Addon for incorporating [gesturer](https://github.com/iingram/gesturer) with [Blender](https://www.blender.org/) 3d modeling. 

This extension to Blender allows the user to generate and play back animations generated in Blender on robots, in real time.

YAML will be used to specify the configurations of the Blender objects and the associated robotic components. 


Dependencies
=====================
Note: Dependencies can now be installed via the `deploy.sh` script!

To run this plugin, you must install some additional Python libraries inside of Blender, as Blender comes packaged with its own version of Python (in case the user does not have it). So you must install the following libraries to `/blender/2.xy/python/lib/python3.4/` (for MacOS, `/blender.app/Contents/Resources/2.xy/python/lib/python3.4/`):

- [pyserial](https://github.com/pyserial/pyserial) 
- [pyyaml](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/PyYAML) (note, with `pyyaml` copy the `lib3/yaml` folder, not the `lib/yaml` folder).



Setup
=====================

0. Run `deploy.sh`.
1. Follow the given prompts to work with a fresh Blender install, or to specify the paths for the local copy's internal Python library and addons directory.
2. You now have the required dependencies and the `gestureDeveloper.py` addon installed in the desired copy of Blender!

Usage
=====================

0. Connect Arduino (running the receiving software) based robot to computer.
1. Open `prototype_gesture_addon_scene_handler.blend` with Blender (via the command line if you want to see Python output, which is recommended). 
2. Navigate to `File/User Preferences/Add-ons`.
3. Select the "Object" category.
4. Find "Object: Gesture Operator" addon and select the checkbox next to it.
5. If you wish for the addon to be loaded every time you start up Blender (useful for development), click the `Save User Settings` button in the lower left corner.
6. To activate the addon, press the spacebar while in Blender to bring up the search interface, type "Gesture Operator", and select the result.
7. To deactivate the addon once it is running, follow the same process as in step 6.
